doc: provisioning: Add documentation (#11704)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/cellular/nrf_provisioning/README.rst

.. _nrf_provisioning_sample:

cellular: nRF Device provisioning
#################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

This sample demonstrates how to use the :ref:`lib_nrf_provisioning` service on your device.

Requirements
************

> The sample supports the following development kit:

Reviewer: There are compatibility considerations for this and the identity service with the 9160. Please contact me in Teams if you need more information.

> .. table-from-sample-yaml::

Reviewer 2: Perhaps use this instead?

```
.. table-from-rows:: /includes/sample_board_rows.txt
   :header: heading
   :rows: nrf9161dk_nrf9161_ns

.. include:: /includes/tfm.txt

> The sample requires that private device key is installed on the device and the associated Device UUID is obtained from the Identity Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample requires that private device key is installed on the device and the associated device UUID is obtained from the Identity Service.
```

> The sample requires that private device key is installed on the device and the associated device UUID is obtained from the Identity Service.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps "requires that the device's private key" would be clearer.

.. note::
   This sample requires modem firmware v2.0.0 or later.

Overview
********

The sample shows how the device performs the following actions:

* Connects to nRF Device provisioning Service.

> * Fetches available device specific provisioning commands.

Reviewer: We refer to the group of these commands as the *provisioning configuration*.

* Decodes the commands.
* Acts on any AT commands, if available.
* Reports the results back to the server.

>   In case of errors, stops processing the commands at the first error and reports it back to server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In the case of an error, stops processing the commands at the first error and reports it back to server.
```

> * Sends ``FINISHED`` response if all the previous commands are executed without errors provided and ``FINISHED`` is one of the set provisioning commands.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what  'without errors provided and ``FINISHED`` is one of the set provisioning commands' means. Possible values for the command status in the Provisioning Service are PENDING, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCEEDED, and SKIPPED. Does this refer to the command status or the status of something in the sample, which has different values?

Author: FINISHED refers to the provisioning command which tells to the device that provisioning process has been finished.

User interface
**************

Device side interaction is not required.

> You must fill the command queue at the server side.

Reviewer: Is this referring to the nRF Cloud portal interface? If so, replace 'fill the command queue' with 'define the provisioning configuration'.

You can also define the configuration using the REST API.

Configuration
*************

|config|

Configuration options
=====================

Check and configure the following configuration options for the sample:

.. _CONFIG_NRF_PROVISIONING_ROOT_CA_SEC_TAG:

CONFIG_NRF_PROVISIONING_ROOT_CA_SEC_TAG

>    Root CA security tag for the Nordic Semiconductor's provisioning service.

Reviewer: Again, does this refer specifically to the nRF Cloud (secure) Provisioning Service?

   Needs to be set explicitly and if not, the compilation fails.

.. _CONFIG_NRF_PROVISIONING_HTTP_HOSTNAME:

CONFIG_NRF_PROVISIONING_HTTP_HOSTNAME
   Hostname of the nRF Device provisioning service

.. _CONFIG_NRF_PROVISIONING_HTTP_PORT:

CONFIG_NRF_PROVISIONING_HTTP_PORT
   HTTP port of the nRF Device provisioning service

.. _CONFIG_NRF_PROVISIONING_HTTP_TIMEOUT_MS:

CONFIG_NRF_PROVISIONING_HTTP_TIMEOUT_MS
   HTTP timeout

.. _CONFIG_RF_PROVISIONING_HTTP_RX_BUF_S:

CONFIG_RF_PROVISIONING_HTTP_RX_BUF_S
   Response payload buffer size

.. _CONFIG_NRF_PROVISIONING_HTTP_TX_BUF_SZ:

CONFIG_NRF_PROVISIONING_HTTP_TX_BUF_SZ
   Command request body size

Building and running
********************

.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/cellular/nrf_provisioning`

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run_ns.txt

Testing
=======

|test_sample|

#. |connect_kit|
#. |connect_terminal|
#. Add provisioning command(s) to nRF Provisioning Service.
#. Power on or reset your device.
#. Observe that the sample starts and connects to the LTE network.
#. Observe that provisioning pauses and resumes while fetching and executing provisioning commands.

> Sample Output

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Sample output
```

=============

> The following is an example output of the sample when there is no commands queued on server side:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following is an example output of the sample when there are no commands queued on the server side:
```

> The following is an example output of the sample when there is no commands queued on server side:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is an example output of the sample when there are no commands queued on server side:
```
Subject-verb agreement, but if this refers to provisioning commands in the Provisioning Service, please refer to it as *provisioning configuration*.

.. code-block:: console

	<inf> nrf_provisioning_sample: Establishing LTE link ...
	<inf> nrf_provisioning_http: Connected
	<inf> nrf_provisioning_http: No more commands to process on server side

The following is an example output when the sample is processing commands from the server:

.. code-block:: console

	<inf> nrf_provisioning_sample: Establishing LTE link ...
	<inf> nrf_provisioning_http: Connected

> 	<inf> nrf_provisioning: Disconnected from network - provisioning paused

Author: Good point. I'll create a new PR for this.

.. _nrf_provisioning_sample:

Cellular: nRF Device provisioning
#################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

This sample demonstrates how to use the :ref:`lib_nrf_provisioning` service on your device.

Requirements
************

The sample supports the following development kits:

.. table-from-rows:: /includes/sample_board_rows.txt
   :header: heading
   :rows: nrf9161dk_nrf9161_ns

.. include:: /includes/tfm.txt

The sample requires that the device's private key is installed on the device and the associated device UUID is obtained from the Identity Service.

.. note::
   This sample requires modem firmware v2.0.0 or later.

Overview
********

The sample shows how the device performs the following actions:

> * Connects to nRF Device provisioning Service.

Reviewer: If the nRF Cloud service, should be 'nRF Cloud Provisioning Service'.

> * Fetches available device specific provisioning configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fetches available device-specific provisioning configuration.
```

* Decodes the commands.
* Acts on any AT commands, if available.
* Reports the results back to the server.
  In the case of an error, stops processing the commands at the first error and reports it back to server.
* Sends ``FINISHED`` response if all the previous commands are executed without errors provided and ``FINISHED`` is one of the set provisioning commands.

User interface
**************

Device side interaction is not required.

> You must define the provisioning configuration at the server side.

Reviewer: You could link to https://docs.nrfcloud.com/SecurityServices/ProvisioningService/ProvisioningConfiguration/ProvisioningConfigurationPortal.html here.

> You must define the provisioning configuration at the server side, see `nRF Cloud provisioning configuration`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must define the provisioning configuration at the server side. See `nRF Cloud provisioning configuration`_.
```

Reviewer 3: All sentences in separate lines in rst.

Configuration
*************

|config|

Configuration options
=====================

Check and configure the following configuration options for the sample:

.. _CONFIG_NRF_PROVISIONING_ROOT_CA_SEC_TAG:

CONFIG_NRF_PROVISIONING_ROOT_CA_SEC_TAG

>    Root CA security tag for the nRF Cloud (secure) Provisioning Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Root CA security tag for the nRF Cloud Provisioning Service.
```

   Needs to be set explicitly and if not, the compilation fails.

.. _CONFIG_NRF_PROVISIONING_HTTP_HOSTNAME:

CONFIG_NRF_PROVISIONING_HTTP_HOSTNAME
   Configures the hostname of the nRF Device provisioning service.

.. _CONFIG_NRF_PROVISIONING_HTTP_PORT:

CONFIG_NRF_PROVISIONING_HTTP_PORT
   Configures the HTTP port of the nRF Device provisioning service.

.. _CONFIG_NRF_PROVISIONING_HTTP_TIMEOUT_MS:

CONFIG_NRF_PROVISIONING_HTTP_TIMEOUT_MS
   Configures the HTTP timeout.

.. _CONFIG_RF_PROVISIONING_HTTP_RX_BUF_S:

CONFIG_RF_PROVISIONING_HTTP_RX_BUF_S
   Configures the response payload buffer size.

.. _CONFIG_NRF_PROVISIONING_HTTP_TX_BUF_SZ:

CONFIG_NRF_PROVISIONING_HTTP_TX_BUF_SZ
   Configures the command request body size.

Building and running
********************

.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/cellular/nrf_provisioning`

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run_ns.txt

Testing
=======

|test_sample|

#. |connect_kit|
#. |connect_terminal|

> #. Add provisioning command(s) to nRF Provisioning Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Add a provisioning configuration using the nRF Cloud Provisioning Service.
```

https://docs.nrfcloud.com/SecurityServices/ProvisioningService/ProvisioningConfiguration/ProvisioningConfigurationPortal.html Link could also go here instead/in addition.

> #. Add a provisioning configuration using the nRF Cloud Provisioning Service, see `nRF Cloud provisioning configuration`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Add a provisioning configuration using the nRF Cloud Provisioning Service. See `nRF Cloud provisioning configuration`.
```

Reviewer 3: Same nitpick as above.

Reviewer: My bad. Thanks, Pekka.

.. _CONFIG_NRF_PROVISIONING_ROOT_CA_SEC_TAG:

CONFIG_NRF_PROVISIONING_ROOT_CA_SEC_TAG
   Root CA security tag for the nRF Cloud Provisioning Service.
   Needs to be set explicitly and if not, the compilation fails.

.. _CONFIG_NRF_PROVISIONING_HTTP_HOSTNAME:

CONFIG_NRF_PROVISIONING_HTTP_HOSTNAME
   Configures the hostname of the nRF Device provisioning service.

.. _CONFIG_NRF_PROVISIONING_HTTP_PORT:

CONFIG_NRF_PROVISIONING_HTTP_PORT
   Configures the HTTP port of the nRF Device provisioning service.

.. _CONFIG_NRF_PROVISIONING_HTTP_TIMEOUT_MS:

CONFIG_NRF_PROVISIONING_HTTP_TIMEOUT_MS
   Configures the HTTP timeout.

.. _CONFIG_RF_PROVISIONING_HTTP_RX_BUF_S:

CONFIG_RF_PROVISIONING_HTTP_RX_BUF_S
   Configures the response payload buffer size.

.. _CONFIG_NRF_PROVISIONING_HTTP_TX_BUF_SZ:

CONFIG_NRF_PROVISIONING_HTTP_TX_BUF_SZ
   Configures the command request body size.

Building and running
********************

.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/cellular/nrf_provisioning`

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run_ns.txt

Testing
=======

|test_sample|

#. |connect_kit|
#. |connect_terminal|
#. Add a provisioning configuration using the nRF Cloud Provisioning Service.

> #. See `nRF Cloud provisioning configuration`.

Reviewer: Sorry for a further nitpick, but I think this will now render as a numbered step when it was probably intended to be a follow-up to the previous line. 

@peknis, I don't know the proper formatting to suggest. What do you think?

Reviewer: Otherwise, LGTM.

> #. Add a provisioning configuration using the nRF Cloud Provisioning Service.
> #. See `nRF Cloud provisioning configuration`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#. Add a provisioning configuration using the nRF Cloud Provisioning Service.
   See `nRF Cloud provisioning configuration`.
```
